hi I'm it tonight we're gonna make Vina
schnitzel here's everything we need to
make Venus schnitzel I'm using thin cuts
of pork the you'll also see traditional
veal but I like pork it's a little less
expensive it's also very traditional
Austrian and what we're gonna do is
pound the pork very thin I do it in a
plastic bag we'll show you that in a
minute and then we're going to coat it
with flour eggs breadcrumbs I use I like
to use the panko ones it gives a nice
crunch but you can use any decent
breadcrumbs you know the usual salt
pepper and we're gonna cook this in
clarified butter that's very traditional
if you don't have clarified butter you
can use regular vegetable oil but I make
clarified butter we have an episode on
that so let's get started with pounding
the pork we want to pound our little
pork slices into very thin sleek
scallopini x' can have your butcher do
it some places will do it for you stir
about a quarter of an inch thick if you
want to get them as thin as you can so
what I do is I open up a gallon size
plastic bag just one side with a pair of
scissors with a kitchen mallet you can
use a rubber mallet from the garage it's
not gonna get dirty because the pork is
inside this bag and we take each one of
the scaloppini Zout now and put it on a
plate when they're all done then we're
gonna season them so salt and peppered
our little pork cutlet schnitzels and we
just make a little assembly line go
flour first and then just some eggs
couple eggs I just whipped up with a
fork and then into our bread crumbs as I
mentioned I like to use the panko ones
you can use regular ones if you want to
get a good coating all this and you
don't want to crowd these in the frying
pan so I'm just gonna do two at a time
until their uh and then cook those two
and then prepare another two because we
want to just brown them very very
quickly even if they're not totally
cooked then we put them in the oven at
250 degrees to finish cooking but these
are gonna cook super fast this is about
literally like one minute on each side
okay so let's take these guys back over
to the frying pan and get them going I'm
gonna heat up our clarified butter first
we want it to be pretty hot
certainly not smoking but and we want a
fair amount of this I probably put about
four tablespoons in here because we
don't we want it to be you know maybe
look 1/8 or to a quarter of an inch of
oil on the bottom of this again you
could use vegetable if you had to but
the taste is incredible with clarified
butter our clarified butter is nice and
hot gonna put our little scallopini
cutlets in here and they should just
sizzle nicely
literally we're gonna cook these for
about a minute if we can adjust the heat
now that they're in they'll bring the
temperature down a little bit so I'm
gonna turn it down I think it's sizzling
very nicely I wanna burn them a little
over a minute has passed so I'm gonna
flip these guys over it should be just a
light golden brown you want to make them
dark brown another minute on this side
okay now that we've cooked them on the
other side for about a minute light
golden brown we're gonna put them onto a
baking sheet with some paper towel and
into the oven at 250 to finish cooking
while we cook the next batch and then
we'll bring these out and add it to that
next batch so our second batch of take
that at this point I see we're running
we've used up a lot of our clarified
butter so I'm gonna add another
tablespoon or two for our last batch
here's our last piece finished a little
over a minute on each side back in the
oven at 250 to keep warm while we cook
up some eggs I love to finish finish it
so you could just finish it with a
squirt of lemon that would be fine but
my family likes it with a little fried
egg on the top so I just use the same
pan with the same clarified butter and I
put in the correct number of eggs
there's three of us eating dinner
tonight
over easy a little higher that down and
as soon as they're cooked we'll put them
right on top of the schnitzels yeah
alright that cooked on one side I'm just
gonna turn them over so that they're
nice over over easy you could just put
them on like that obviously if you like
them that way I'm just gonna let them
cook for literally maybe 10 seconds on
this side and then right on to the
schnitzel alright so there we go use our
Venus schnitzel so here we have our V
nurse schnitzel either with an egg on
top or a little bit of lemon spritz of
lemon there you go Vina schnitzel made
with pork enjoy